[self-hosted] Add new Replicated install guide (#1756)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/self-hosted/latest/installation/replicated.md

---
section: self-hosted/latest
title: Install Gitpod Self-Hosted with Replicated
---

<script context="module">
  export const prerender = true;
</script>

# Install Gitpod Self-Hosted with Replicated

> Installing with Replicated is still in Beta. Please feel free to try it out, and [give feedback/bug reports](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/new/choose).

> [Replicated](www.replicated.com) allows us to package and securely distribute Gitpod to diverse customer environments, without us having to build things specific things for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Replicated](https://www.replicated.com) allows us to package and securely distribute Gitpod to diverse customer environments, without us having to build things specific things for
```

a particular cluster environment. For a user, This means you get a Console to manage your Gitpod installation without you having to understand Gitpod packaging in depth, as
it's all abstracted away.

Users also get automated releases, to which they can upgrade to, roll-back from, etc. This means that you can focus less on managing Gitpod, and more on
using it.

## Requirements

- Kubernetes cluster satisfying all the [requirements of running Gitpod](./../requirements)
- [Kots CLI installed, and configured to work as a kubectl plugin](https://docs.replicated.com/reference/kots-cli-getting-started).

## Installing Kots Admin Console

`kots` is the user-facing administration stack of replicated which you would use to install and manage Gitpod. It includes a CLI binary, along
with a adminsitration UI console.

To kick things off, Run

```
kubectl kots install gitpod-pov/beta
```

Once you do this, it will ask you the namespace (in which Gitpod should be installed), along with a password for the admin console. You should be able to

> check the `admin-console` where you'll be asked for a Gitpod L;icense. You can also open the Admin UI by running `kubectl kots admin-console -n <namespace>`

Reviewer 2: typo

```suggestion
check the `admin-console` where you'll be asked for a Gitpod License. You can also open the Admin UI by running `kubectl kots admin-console -n <namespace>`
```

Reviewer 3: Can't believe you want me to commit things **WITHOUT** typos!

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/275848/157679330-ef426529-d4b3-4463-9c94-6d4e9587216d.png)
